Quick Action Buttons

1. Create the top bar
2. Add Dynamic Panel to add image
3. Go inside the dynamic panel and add the image container
4. Add any image
5. Now add the rectangle at the bottom space to create quick action buttons
6. Now add the icons like share, heart, info and delete in the rectangle
7. Now drag and add rectangle to create a share panel
8. Adjust the border color and border visibility
9. Add the ellipse for creating share menu then select all and create it as dynamic panel with horizontal scroll
10. Add Share title "heading 3"
11. Select rectangle, title, share buttons and create dynamic panel (name: share)
12. Now pin it to horizontal center and vertical bottom of the browser
13. Set it to hidden
14. select the heart icon and add a selected style effect (its in the style effects) and change the fill color to red
15. drag and add rectangle to create info panel
16. add heading as info an set the border color and visibility
17. now create them as dynamic panel; inside the dynamic panel drag rectangle to add text as info content
18. Now pin it to horizontal center and vertical bottom of the browser
19. Set it to hidden
20. drag dynamic panel to create delete panel 
21. add first button delete(red color), second button to cancel inside the dynamic panel 
22. set background color for the dynamic panel as transparent black
23. Now pin it to horizontal center and vertical bottom of the browser
24. Set it to hidden
25. move the delete dynamic panel horizontally to another location (name all the dynamic panel)

button interactions....

1. share - show/hide - slide up - 200ms - treat as light box add semi transparent black color

2. heart - click/tap - set selected/checked - this widget - to (toggle)

3. info - 

click/tap - show/hide - slide up (200ms) - 

move the y axis of the image dynamic panel by minus 100 - animation (linear 200ms)

set selected/checked - image dynamic panel - selection state true

now add a condition is selected of this equals value false to determine the position of the image based on its selection state 

then add a "swipe down" interaction to the image dynamic panel - add a condition is selected of this equals value true 
then 
move the y axis of the image dynamic panel by 100 - animation (linear 200ms)

then hide the info panel - slide down animation (200ms)

set selected/checked this widget selection state to false

add swipe down interaction to the info dynamic panel - fire event - select the image dynamic panel as the target and choose the swipe down as the event 

4. delete - 

click - show delete panel - slide up (200) - select treat as light box

select delete panel - select delete photo button - click - to hide delete panel - 


5. share button - 

click - to hide - share panel 
















 
 























